feat: add command `eotsd verify-schnorr-sig` (#312)
babylonchain/finality-provider: docs/eots.md

}
```

### 3.4. Verify Schnorr Signatures

> It is also possible to verify if the generated signature through the
> `eotsd verify-schnorr-sig` command.
> The command takes as an argument the file path, hashes the file content using
> sha256 to generate the signed data, collects the hex pub key from `--btc-pk` flag
> and the hex signature from the `--signature` flag. If does not print anything
> the signature is valid, otherwise it will output an error msg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify the Schnorr signature signed in the previous step through
the `eptsd veify-schnorr-sig` command.
The command takes as an argument the file path, hashes the file content using
sha256 to generate the signed data, and verifies the signature from the `--signature`
flag using the given public key from the `--btc-pk` flag.

If the signature is valid, you will see `Verification is successful!` in the output.
Otherwise, an error message will be printed out.
```

So, for better UX, we should allow the user to see something if the verification is successful.

Author: done at https://github.com/babylonchain/finality-provider/pull/312/commits/df207ff06aef9c2f399121cca6bce4fc9f705571
